updating the readme, getting-started, how-to-contribute, and adding visualization best practices doc (#43)
aicoe-aiops/data-science-workflows: docs/getting-started.md

## **Getting Started**

Please use the following outline to get started with a new Data Science Project. If you run into any problems or need additional support, please join our [slack](https://operatefirst.slack.com/ssb/redirect) and post a message in the `#support` channel, or open an issue [here](https://github.com/operate-first/support/issues).  

### **Define a Project Document**

1. Review our project workflow document [here][1].

2. Create a new project description using our [template][2]. For reference, you can review an example project document [here][3].

3. Put your project document into a subfolder of this [shared directory][4]. 

### **Create Git Repository from a Template**

Next, create a [CookieCutter][5] formatted data science project repository from this [template][6]. To do so, please follow these [instructions][7] for creating a new repository from a template.

### **Set Up AICoE Continuous Integration (CI)**

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure how https://www.operate-first.cloud/data-science/ocp-ci-analysis/ can help with setting up the thoth bots, prow and other aspects of AICoE CI here

Author: Got it, would you like us to include set up for thoth bots and prow (and any other aspects) here?

Reviewer: @amsaparov let's start with linking the document. We can eventually work with the thoth team to have a detailed guide or even have an espresso series video on this! See my following suggestion

> Continuous Integration allows for the running of automated builds and tests of software before it is merged into a production code base. It can assist you in determining why builds are failing or certain tests are not passing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[AICoE-CI](https://github.com/aicoe/aicoe-ci#getting-started) can aid various aspects of a development workflow such as running pre-commit checks, build checks, triggering pipelines to build images etc
```

> For more information on AI Supported CI and how to set it up for your project, visit [this page](https://www.operate-first.cloud/data-science/ocp-ci-analysis/). Additional documentation can be found [here](https://github.com/aicoe/aicoe-ci#getting-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on AICoE CI and how to set it up for your project, you can follow the documentation [here](https://github.com/aicoe/aicoe-ci#getting-started).
```

### **Create Project Boards and Issues**

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create Issues to highlight new features, bugs and break upcoming goals of a project into smaller chunks. You can create GitHub [Issues](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues) and include [Task Lists](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/about-task-lists) for each task that you plan to work on.

Here is an [example Issue](https://github.com/aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis/issues/279) that we created to highlight a certain task for our project.
```

> Copy this [project board][8] to a new organization level project board including automation. For instructions on how to copy a project board, review [this page][9].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use [project boards](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/organizing-your-work-with-project-boards/managing-project-boards/about-project-boards) to organize the tasks within the team.

To get started with your project board, you can copy this [project board][8] to a new organization level project board including automation. For instructions on how to copy a project board, review [this page][9].
```

Once your project board is created, begin to create issues and populate the board with them
* Create an issue for every task you plan to work on
    * Break issues down into smaller pieces if they cannot be completed in a single sprint
    * Be specific in the description of the issue 
    * Tag other related issues with a ‘#’ as necessary
    * Provide acceptance criteria for when the issue can be closed 

>     * Assign yourself to the issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Assign yourself or your teammates who you plan to work with on the task to the issue
```

* Add the issues to the *New* column of you project board
* When you're almost ready to begin working on an issue, move it to the *To Do* column
* Once you start work on an issue, move it to the *In Progress* column

For more information of the remainder of our GitHub workflow, please visit [this page][10]. 

### **Develop on Operate First Jupyterhub**

The following resources are available for use to develop your project on the Operate First JupyterHub instance:

> * View the [video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iI_-lqi3vP4&list=PL8VBRDTElCWpneB4dBu4u1kHElZVWfAwW&index=3&t=13s) 
> * Access the public [JupyterHub instance][11] on the Massachusetts Open Cloud (MOC) by selecting moc-sso and then signing in with your Google Account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Start developing on the Operate First JupyterHub environment**

    - View the [video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iI_-lqi3vP4&list=PL8VBRDTElCWpneB4dBu4u1kHElZVWfAwW&index=3&t=13s) 
    - Access the public [JupyterHub instance][11] on the Massachusetts Open Cloud (MOC) by selecting moc-sso and then signing in with your Google Account
```

> * Monitor workloads using grafana dashboards (video tutorial forthcoming)
> * [Troubleshooting Runbooks](https://www.operate-first.cloud/users/sre/runbooks/jupyterhub.md)
> * Current [Grafana dashboard](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://grafana-route-opf-monitoring.apps.zero.massopen.cloud/d/24cc5f554da78f3ca60a40f190f7e23203f7d847/jupyterhub-usage?orgId%3D1%26from%3Dnow-3h%26to%3Dnow%26var-datasource%3Dopf-observatorium-thanos%26var-user_id%3Dochatter-40redhat-2ecom%26var-namespace%3Dopf-jupyterhub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1627309997546000&usg=AOvVaw3CaL9UuS0xpAmAOwxAZCrS) for monitoring Jupyterhub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **How to Monitor JupyterHub workloads using Grafana dashboards** 

    -  (Video tutorial forthcoming)
    -  To troubleshoot issues while running your notebooks, you can refer to the [Troubleshooting Runbooks](https://www.operate-first.cloud/users/sre/runbooks/jupyterhub.md)
    -  You can refer the existing [Grafana dashboard](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://grafana-route-opf-monitoring.apps.zero.massopen.cloud/d/24cc5f554da78f3ca60a40f190f7e23203f7d847/jupyterhub-usage?orgId%3D1%26from%3Dnow-3h%26to%3Dnow%26var-datasource%3Dopf-observatorium-thanos%26var-user_id%3Dochatter-40redhat-2ecom%26var-namespace%3Dopf-jupyterhub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1627309997546000&usg=AOvVaw3CaL9UuS0xpAmAOwxAZCrS) for monitoring your Jupyterhub workloads such as CPU, RAM usage, percentage PVC usage. 
```

### **Deliverables**

Here are potential ways to contribute and showcase work you have completed.
* Slide decks
* Blog posts ([example](https://www.operate-first.cloud/data-science/configuration-files-analysis/docs/blog/configuration-file-analysis-blog.md))
* Videos ([example](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKnF174eZN0&list=PL8VBRDTElCWoGwMhCp04rQFMcIhshv33U&index=9))
* Tutorials ([example](https://www.operate-first.cloud/data-science/ocp-ci-analysis/docs/automating-using-elyra.md))
* Content images
* Project Repositories ([example](https://github.com/aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis))
* Dashboards
* Model Services

### **Creating Jupyterhub Images**
JH images can be made from your projects to easily share reproducible ML experiments and create interactive Data Science working environments. Please refer to the following [guide](https://www.operate-first.cloud/users/data-science-workflows/docs/create_and_deploy_jh_image.md) for more information.

### **Creating Automated Model Workflows**

> View our video [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMSOal8wRj4) for information on creating an AI Pipeline on ODH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automate your notebook workflows using Elyra and Kubeflow Pipelines on Open Data Hub, you can refer to the [guide](https://github.com/AICoE/elyra-aidevsecops-tutorial) and view our video [tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iMSOal8wRj4).
```
